ASHWIN KUMAR S
Chennai, India 600039
+91 9789901276
ashwink340@gmail.com
I have 4+ years of experience as a Software Quality analyst.
Has around 3 years experience of working in SAP HCM applications from End to end product integrations
and interfaces, including Payroll module testing.
Have Experience in mobile testing (Android and IOS) using device and browser stack, Web application and
verify browser compatibility in various browsers
Having 2 years of experience in testing hospitality products, focusing on booking applications and hotel
management applications. Working on integration testing with respect to housekeeping applications, Gift
points and loyalty systems, Payment gateways (Freedom pay, Shift4, Adyen).
Also has knowledge of Interface testing using Json and XML languages.
Have experience on manual testing both web applications, ON-Premise environment, mobile testing (IOS
and Android), Device testing, API testing using soap UI and postman, SQL testing, Regression testing, Putty
deployment, CI/CD deployments in azure Kubernetes services using YAML files.
Troubleshooting the build related issues while checking the logs from linux applications during deployment
and functional testing.
Creating and maintaining test cases, coordinating with a cross-functional team, requirement gathering from
client, requirement analysis, documentation, UAT testing with client.
Have experience of showing demos to clients and stakeholders.
Knowledge on Cypress automation testing.
05/2022  to CurrentAGILYSYS INDIA
Chennai , India
Quality Analyst
Project:
Agilysy Versa (May 2022 - Present)
DateBase: SQL
Versa, a Property management system used in hotels and hospitality for maintaining the Hotel property and
booking managements. Also working on Addons products like, Spa booking application, Golf booking
applications, Hotel dining booking applications with respect to Versa
Worked on both Web application and on premise application. Follows CI/CD method for deploy SaaS web
application (Azure kubernetes service) and Putty for On-premise deployment
Maintained the On-premise environment on deployment, creating business context, YAML, setup new fresh
environment during regression phase and stability phase.
Have done the integration testing on versa with Retail POS testing, Retail inventory management, Loyalty
and gift card management systems, Offers management, payment gateways like Freedom-pay, Shift4, Adyen
Preparing manual test cases, maintaining the test case, executing the test cases for functional testing,
Penetration testing, Load testing, regression testing
Have worked in interfaces testing with third party applications with respect to Versa.
Have knowledge on API testing using Postman and Soap UI
Have knowledge on XML and Json validations for interface testing.
Have knowledge on SQL
Worked with cross functional team, BA team and clients for requirement gathering, requirement analysis and
gave UAT and demo for Clients and stakeholders
Conducted performance tests, assessing features including functionality, reliability, performance and quality.
Worked with Agile and Scrum methodologies to accomplish project milestones and meet demanding
timelines.
Performed extensive user interface testing on Windows, Android and IOS mobile devices.
Trained junior team members of quality standards and testing procedures.
Followed both Agile methodology and waterfall methodology for completing the project on time and
supported over weekend and stretching working hours for quality QA sign-off to the customer.
Attended Scrum call, Bug triage call, retrospective meeting for quick and quality delivery
worked on many quick deliveries (Hot fixes) within deadline of 2 to 3 daysSUMMARY
EXPERIENCE

08/2019  to 05/2022PAY ASIA MANAGEMENT PVT. LTD
Chennai , India
Junior quality assurance engineer
Project:
Talentoz - HCM software (Aug 2019 - May 2022)
worked as the SME for Organization module Recruitment, Employee, Learning and Development, Staff
concession module and Time and Attendance module,Payroll module(Indian statutory). Also tested the
mobile application (Both android and IOS) using both browser stack and devices
Have Worked with Integration and API testing with collaboration of various third party HRMS software with
respect to Talentoz.
Have knowledge of testing the Fingerprint detector and Access card reader for Attendance tracking module.
Apollo - Singapore Payroll (July 2021 - May 2022)
working as quality assurance engineer and done testing like, Smoke testing, System testing, Regression
testing, integration testing, API testing, Sanity testing, black box testing, white box testing, User acceptance
testing
SQL
Test planning
Test designing
Project tracking
Automation testing
Product troubleshooting
Root Cause Analysis
Functional testing
Jira
Non-functional testingData migration
Putty
SAP HCM
Cypress
Java script
CI/CD
Postman API testing
Integration and Interface testing
Client handling
2021 MASTER OF BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION :SYSTEMS MANAGEMENT
University of Madras , Chennai, TN
CGPA - 7.3
2019 BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING :COMPUTER SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING
Anand Institute of Higher Technology , Chennai, TN
CGPA - 6.3
2015 XII:STATE BOARD
Velankani Metric Higher Secondary school , Chennai, TN
Percentage - 76%
2013 X:CBSE
Vivekanda Vidyalaya , Chennai, TN
CGPA - 8.8
Tamil :First Language
C2 English :
ProficientB1 Hindi :
Intermediate
The information presented in this resume accurately reflects my qualifications and experience.
PLACE:
Date:                                                                                                        
                                                                                                                   Signature
                                                                                                            (Ashwin Kumar S)SKILLS
EDUCATION
LANGUAGES
DECLARATION