Bhavika Gulati   

                     

H/N: 11/281, Geeta Colony, Delhi - 110031

Cell: +91-9560098359, E-Mail: bhavikanagpal.bn@gmail.com











Seeking to secure a challenging position in HR departmant with an opportunity for learning and enhancing my skills. To educate and have a strong dedication to the total development of children. 



Professional Snapshot:



Carrying 4 years experience into managing Human Resources and office administration function.

Experience sourcing and recruiting candidates.

A keen communicator with the ability to relate to people across all hierarchal levels in the organisation.







PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE



Concordia Overseas Education Pvt. Ltd.			August 2018 till Jan 2018



We are leading admission consultancy and training center in New Delhi, providing result oriented training for various exams to get through to the globally acclaimed universities.

Provided assessments to workers and designed training programs to address identified issues

Completed presentations to help train students in improving skill set areas.

Giving feedback to improve performance.



 

Kangokiwi Education services Pvt. Ltd.		July 2016 till May 2019

Deisgnation: Communication Trainer





Kangokiwi Education Services has created a centered effort to resolve the initial problems faced by the students on the way towards their admission abroad along with helping them in clearing their IELTS & PTE test.







Teach IELTS/PTE/English Language to the students through classroom and online sessions.

Coach on all the modules of IELTS/PTE - Writing, Reading, Listening & Speaking.

Devise and prepare course structure and material as required, especially for PTE.

Prepare and set lesson plans, classroom activities, tests, and exercises

Conduct mock tests, giving feedback and advising students on areas of improvement.

Contribute to ongoing program development, curriculum development, and assessment.

Ensure basic training decorum and discipline is maintained during the program



Intex Technologies					August 2015 till July 2016

	     Designation: HR Executive



Intex Technologies (India) Ltd., incorporated in the year 1996 is a major player in India in mobile handsets, consumer durables and IT accessories. A pioneer in technology, the company's flagship brand is 'INTEX'. Intex Technologies has established itself as a trusted name in the industry. The Brand exhibits an exhaustive portfolio of 16 product categories ranging from mobile handsets, mobile accessories, multimedia speakers, LED TVs, washing machines and wearable.





Engaged into end to end recruitment and selection process to fulfill the manpower needs in organization. * Participate in meetings & reviews with the functional heads to understand existing and future manpower requirements. 



Taking necessary approvals for creation & filling of positions. * Finalizing the Job Description and Job publishing. * Resume solicitation from the job portals, internal reference, internal database, headhunting and social networking sites. 



Running Employee Referral policy and responsible for generating maximum references and closing the positions, Salary Negotiation & Offer release.



Offer Discussion and Pre- joining Formalities - Offer discussion and salary negotiations with hired candidates and closing the position. 

 

NIIT Ltd.

Designation: Team Member-HR			             Feb 2014 till August 2014



NIIT is a leading Global Talent Development Corporation, building skilled manpower pool for global industry requirements. The company which was set up in 1981, to help the nascent IT industry overcome its human resource challenges, has today grown to be amongst world's leading talent development companies offering learning solutions to Individuals, Enterprises and Institutions across 40 countries.



Recruitment and Selection



Handling multiple positions on PAN India basis for NIIT centres all across India through various sources like: Job portals, Recruitment consultants, Campus Placements, Employee Referral Scheme (EOGO), NIIT student’s placement cell, Walk-ins.



Be the first point of contact for HR related queries



Administer HR related documents such as contracts of Employment





Taking care of Complete Pre-joining formalities i.e. Collecting the required documents, creation of login id for attendance, Introduce and set the KRA for new joiners, design reporting system & assign mentor as per the respective department wise, Offer release, bank account opening, ID card coordination, sending details to the support staff.





Verification of documents and employment screening/background verification of new joined employees i.e. verification report includes: Tenure with the Company, Title of last position held, Starting & ending salary. 



Also engaged in the orientation of the new employee, generally containing information about safety, the work environment, the new job description, benefits and eligibility, company culture, company history, the organization chart and other relevant information to working in the new company.





ienergizer Ltd.				                   December 2011 to October 2013

Designation: Sr. HR Executive



ienergizer Ltd is an international business process outsourcing (BPO) company. Combining 10 years of experience and comprehensive capabilities across all industries and business functions.  



        Roles and Responsibilities:

Recruitment and Development

Manpower planning based on Annual Operating Plan and get sanctioned as per recruitment budget of company. 

Designed and implemented the recruitment tools (recruitment requisition forms Job Description, interview feedback forms, candidate profile sheet etc.) to facilitate a smooth recruitment process.

Overseeing all aspects of recruiting, right from understanding profile through Recruitment consultants, Job Portals and Advertisements; Conducting wage and Salary surveys. 

Develops and influence implementation of cost effective recruiting strategy & programs.

Preparing the salary fitment for candidates along with offer discussion & negotiations.

Lining up of interview and coordinating with higher authorities for selection and salary finalization.



Induction and Orientation

Organizing and coordinating induction program for an easy transition of the lateral and the fresh hiring in the organization.

Providing hand-holding support to the newly hired resources during the transition phase.

Relationship building and integrating the new joiners into the organization culture.

Ensure new joiner gets equipped with all the concerned policies and meet with the entire leadership employee’s.

Arranging of one to one meeting of newly hired resources with concerned departmental heads for creating the alliance amongst them.

Introduction of new member in our ienergizer family with the team members as well as amongst organization through mails.





     

      Academic Qualification:



       

          

      Project Undertaken:

     

      Submitted a project on Recruitment & Selection of employees at ERA Group.

      Era is a world class engineering, construction & services conglomerate, well

      Positioned in key infrastructure markets of infrastructure development,

      Pre-engineered, real estate, hospitality & entertainment and power, all of which  

      Offer long term growth potential.



      This involved screening, shortlisting and selecting of various profiles for different

      positions like: Site Engineer, Planning Engineer, Accounts Officer, Purchase Officer, 

      Technical supervisor.                 

                               



     Skills & Abilities

Aggressive

Team Player

Decision Making

Assertive and effective





    PERSONAL INFORMATION



Father’s Name		: Lt. Sh. C L Nagpal 

Languages Known	: English, Hindi, Punjabi.

        Date of Birth		: Nov 14, 1986





        

         Date:

         Place:	                                                                                                   Bhavika Gulati				

B.Ed.

2018

2018

Maharashi Dayanand University, Rohtak

Maharashi Dayanand University, Rohtak

PGDM


PGDM


2011

2011

Indian Institute of Tourism & Travel Management, GOI

B.B.A

B.B.A

2007

2007

G.G.S. Indraprastha University

6 months Diploma course Basic Computing            


6 months Diploma course Basic Computing            


2005

2005

EXE Solutions

XII

XII

2004

2004

C.B.S.E 

X

X

2002

2002

C.B.S.E.